Focp questions

1. Reads and outputs user name and age
2. Take two integers and display their sum
3. Input two numbers and any operator and display their result
4. Take two floating point numbers and display the division till two decimal points
5. Calculating compound interest
6. Calculates area and perimeter
7. Swap numbers by temporary variable and also without temporary variable
8. Takes users full name and age and greets with how many days they have lived
9. Program to input numbers and display them in a table with their types
10. Input two numbers and check if the first is multiple of the second
11. A program to count the number of 1 bits in an integer input by the user
12. Program to quadratic eqn using conditional statements to handle all possible cases (real and distinct, real and equal, complex)
13. Program to simulate an ATM machine using switch statement, with options for withdrawal, deposit, balance, enquiry and exit, with    error handling for invalid input and insufficient balance.
14. Program to check if a triangle is valid and determining it's type
15. Program to evaluate (a^b + c&d) where a,b,c and d are user inputs.
16. Program to determine whether two integers are opposites in sign without using conditional operator
17. Program to implement integer and floating point division manually without using '/'
18. Program to perform circular left or right shifts to bits on a given integer
19. Program to calculate grades of student by their marks
20. Program to create a simple Menu driven calculator 
21. Program to check if year is leap year
22. Program to generate first n fibonacci numbers 
23. Program to determine whether a given number is prime or not
24. Program to calculate factorial using do-while loop
25. Program that continuously accepts user inputs of integers until the user types 'exit'.
    At the end, display:
    1. Sum of all entered numbers.
    2. The count of valid integers entered.
    3. The maximum and minimum characters.
26. Program to generate and display first 'n' prime numbers
27. 